{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red251\green0\blue7;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth24800\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadl0 \clpadr0 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
1.\'a0
\f1\b0\fs26  
\f0\b\fs32 WILLIAM
\fs26 \super 1\nosupersub  
\fs32 JOHNSON 
\f1\b0 born abt. 1648 Isle of Wight Co., VA d bet 10 Apr 1719 & 28 Sep 1719 Isle of Wight Co., VA m 
\f0\b Sarah Griffith
\f1\b0  b Isle of Wight Co., VAdaughter of Owen Griffith and Mary Huntt.
\fs26  
\fs32 William in a deposition, 9 Dec 1698, testified that he was fifty years of age. Owen Griffeth in his will, 15 July 1698, named his daughter, Sarah Johnson, and son-in-law, William Johnson. Philarete Woodward, on 21 December 1678, signed a receipt for 4,000 pounds of tobacco in a cask from William Johnson "for ye maintenance of my child". By 24 August 1680, Philarete Woodward was the wife of John Giles of Isle of Wight County; for with her consent he executed a deed of gift to Jane, "daughter of said Philarete," of a plantation of 400 acres at Blackwater where Edward Hayes lived. On 16 August 1690, William Johnson of Lower Parish of Isle of Wight County bought 100 acres on a brnch in said parish from George and Ann Pierce. On 8 September 1701, William Johnson, blacksmith, and Sarah Johnson of the Lower Parish of Isle of Wight County sold the 100 acres of land he had purchased from Pierce. On 20 October 1702, William patented 428 acres of land south of Blackwater River in Isle of Wight County on account of having imported nine persons into the colony. In 1704 William Johnson, John Barden, Arthur Whitehead, and George Pierce appraised the estate of John Cooke. William made his will in Isle of Wight County on 10 April 1719 and it was probated on 28 Sep 1719. He made his son, John Johnson, his executor, and reversional interest in his home plantation. Home plantation of 150 acres to his wife, Sarah Johnson; a plantation of 150 acres to his son, William Johnson, on which he lived; 128 acres to his son, Thomas Johnson; his blacksmith tools to his son, Benjamin Johnson, and ten shillings to Hardy Council, a friend. His estate was inventoried on 24 Oct 1719, by John Johnson. The personal property in his estate was 31 cattle; 5 calves; 75 hogs; 2 horses; a mare and foal; 12 sheep; 6 chairs; 3 chests; 2 trunks; looking glass; small table; framed table; 4 beds with cording and steads; 4 books; gun; 14 shilling 6 pence in cash; 2 wallets; 2 saddles; 3 bridles; 9 pewter dishes; 6 pewter basins; 19 pewter plates; 8 pewter porringers; 24 spoons; stone mug; drinking glass; earthen plate; pewter tankard; brass candlestick; 7 glass bottles; 2 knives and forks; glass salt cellar; tin funnel; earthen pot, 2 frying pans; 2 iron potracks; iron spit; pair of fire tongs; 4 iron pots; 2 trays; meal bag; drawing knife; handsaw; crosscut saw; pair of steelyards; pair of sheepshears; pair of tailor\'92s shears, 2 iron pestles; pair of wedges, broad hoe; 2 sickles; part of a set of smith\'92s tools; 3 grindstones; horse collar; pair of hames; 2 old halters; 8 cider casks; canoe; flat; some tallow; some beeswax; bushel of salt; barrel of corn; some old pewter; some old iron; some cooper\'92s ware; 4 sides of leather; 2 raw deerskins; 5 deerskins; some yarn; some wool; some cotton; half-pound of thread; some silk and mohair buttons; 26 yards of ozenberg; 11 yards of carsey; 3 yards of blue linen; 9 yards of white ozenberg; 3 yards of ticking; 15 yards of serge; 6 yards of drugget; 4 yards of shawl; quire of paper; blank book; some pipes; some powder and shot; wearing clothes; 6 handkerchiefs; pair of worsted stockings; and a muslin neck cloth. Children of William Johnson and Sarah Griffeth:\uc0\u8232 + 2. i. John Johnson d 1753 Northampton Co., NC m Mary _______.\u8232 + 3. ii. William Johnson d bet Aug 1747 and 22 Feb 1748. He lived Isle of Wight Co., VA and Bertie and Edgecombe Counties, NC.\u8232 + 4. iii. Thomas Johnson d bet 25 Apr 1744 & 8 May 1746 Isle of Wight Co., VA m Elizabeth ______.\u8232 + 5. iv. Benjamin Johnson b ca 1693 Isle of Wight Co., VA d 1767 Southampton Co., VA m Mary ________.\u8232 Child of William Johnson and Philaret Woodward:\u8232 6. v. Jane Woodward.\
References:\uc0\u8232 1. Johnson, Coy K. & Hugh B. Johnson, "William Johnston of Isle of Wight County, Virginia and His Descendants 1648-1964", Coy K. Johnson, West Hartford, CT, 1965 pages 3-29.\u8232 2. Isle of Wight Co., VA Deed Book 1, p 392.\u8232 3. Boddie, John H., "Seventeenth Century Isle of Wight County, Virginia", Chicago, IL, 938, p 589.\u8232 4. Isle of Wight Co., VA Deed Book 1, p 31.\u8232 5. Isle of Wight Co., VA Will & Deed Book 2, p 397. 6. Ibid, p 347. 7. Great Book, 1715-1724, Vol 2, Part 2, p 8. 8. Ibid, p 16.\cell \lastrow\row
}